---
layout: post
title:  "Feedback"
date:   2015-9-06 10:57:34
categories: cultural
---

##Pairing##

#What's it like?#

I think pairing, as a coder who likes to hide in the dark by himself, is a bit nerveracking. Having to meet with random people on the internet to solve problems is scary at first. I don't usually want to solve problems with my friends! Jokes aside though, peer pairing can be really helpful. Figuring out what is the key part of information that makes you understnd a built-in method or calling a class and being able to share it with other people is REALLY helpful. It's helpful because, a lot of times they have one of those bit of information for something you don't understand and you have one for them. It's great where your skills can pick up where others leave off and vis-versa.

#What was Frustrating/Difficult#

Sometimes when people aren't strong with their coding you can have situation where one person is doing more work. Being in DBC, it's as important to learn the material for yourself as it is to learn it to help others during paring.

##Feedback##

#Feeling While Reading#

Feedback, so far at least, seems like it is "Nice job man, hope to pair again" or if you have a bad pair, the other person coming up with reasons why you didn't do a good job.

#Was Feedback Helpful?#

I haven't had much feedback that has been outright helpful. A lot of times it describes things as they were and as what both already understood. I have heard from some people though that some of their pairs wrongfully put the blame on them when it wasn't their fault.

#Writing Feeback#

Most of the time peer paring is fine and I don't really know what to say other than they did a good job and I would gladly pair with them again.

#Hard Part of Writing Feedback#

Writing negative feedback isn't very hard, mostly because of how easy it is to be critical of people that aren't yourself. I usually try to look at people problems on the bright side and say that they can easily fix it. I have only really given negative feedback once though.